When is the best time to visit the US?
The US is a very big country.
It is about 3,000 miles from the east coast to the west coast, so choose carefully the
places to see and the time to go.
Bring a map because you may want to travel around.
New York and Washington, DC are good places to visit in May or October, but in winter there
is a lot of snow.
The best time to visit New England is in September.
The weather gets cooler and the green leaves start to turn gold, then brown.
Bring your camera so you can take photos of the autumn trees.
California is on the Pacific coast and the weather is fine all year round.
Take your swimming clothes because you might want to go swimming in the sea even in December.
In Seattle, in the northwest, it is not very cold, but it rains a lot, so bring an umbrella.
In Alaska the days are long and warm in summer, but may be cool in the evening.
In winter, Alaska can be very, very cold.
If you want to visit Alaska you had better go in summer.
Do not forget to bring a warm sweater with you.
In Texas and the southeast, it is usually very hot and sunny compared to other places.
There are storms from time to time in summer and autumn.
So when is the best time to visit the US?
Anytime you like!